As long as we get married
I can sign this contract immediately
Thank you Mr. Lu for being cute
But you know I'm married.
I don't mind.
You can get a divorce.
Mr. Lu's strong twist is not sweet
I don't want to threaten you anymore.
It's just that I want to reassure my grandpa
So I had to do this.
Your grandfather
Grandpa's only wish is to see us get married
Can I see grandpa?
Maybe I can ask the old man to break the engagement
We see
You still won't give up on you
Aren't you afraid I'll do something to him?
The entanglement between us has nothing to do with Ah Zhan
Marrying my fiancee is a capital offense
You calm down
If you don't marry me
There is no way out of land warfare
You are married Gu Qianyu
sick
Let go stop